W3C IPR SOFTWARE NOTICE 

Copyright © 1998 World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en
Automatique, Keio University). All Rights Reserved. 

This W3C software is being provided by the copyright holders under the
following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this software,
you agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following
terms and conditions: 

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby
granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the
software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications,
that you make: 

    1.A link or URL to the original W3C source. 
    2.Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers. If none exist,
      then a notice of the form: "Copyright © World Wide Web Consortium,
      (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche
      en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights Reserved." 

When space permits, inclusion of the full text of this NOTICE should be
provided. In addition, credit shall be attributed to the copyright holders
for any software, documents, or other items or products that you create
pursuant to the implementation of the contents of this document, or any
portion thereof. 

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE
ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. 

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION. 

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising
or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior
permission. Title to copyright in this software and any associated
documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders. 

