The genimages script in this directory uses GraphicsMagick to produce
a large collection of TIFF files (736 files!) based on a sample input
file.  The TIFF files include the common varieties as well as many
esoteric varieties.  The TIFF files vary based on data organization
and bit/sample sizes.  File compression is not a factor in these
samples, since they are not compressed.

A "Q32" build of GraphicsMagick (e.g. --with-quantum-depth=32) is
recommended in order to write true 32-bit deep images, although a
common "Q16" build should be able to do everything (although not being
able to produce true 32-bit data samples), and even a "Q8" build of
GraphicsMagick is able to read most of the generated files.

Many applications will be unable to read many of the generated TIFF
files.

The script is not integrated into the GraphicsMagick test framework so
some editing may be desireable, such as to use a special
GraphicsMagick build or to use your favorite input image.

Some patience is required while generating an image containing 65536 colors!

Generated intermediate files are named like "master_*" and final
output files are named like "img_*".  Such files can safely be removed
(e.g. "rm master_* img_*").  If parameters are changed which influence
generation of the master files, the "master_*" files should be removed
since they are not re-generated if they already exist.

A handy way to quickly view the many generated files on an X11 display is:

  gm display -delay 3 img*.tif

These files are currently generated (as shown in the summary.txt file
generated by the script):

tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fm-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fm-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fm-06.tif            983x887 int 6-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fm-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fm-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fm-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fm-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fm-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fm-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fm-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fm-06.tif             983x887 int 6-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fm-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fm-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fm-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fm-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fm-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fm-02.tif               983x887 int 4-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fm-03.tif               983x887 int 8-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fm-04.tif               983x887 int 16-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif               983x887 int 256-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fm-12.tif               983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif               983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fm-02.tif                983x887 int 4-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fm-03.tif                983x887 int 8-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fm-04.tif                983x887 int 16-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif                983x887 int 256-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fm-12.tif                983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif                983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif      983x887 int 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif      983x887 int 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif      983x887 int 8-bit strip separated CMYK tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif      983x887 int 16-bit strip separated CMYK tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif            983x887 float 16-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-24.tif            983x887 float 24-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-32.tif            983x887 float 32-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-64.tif            983x887 float 64-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif            983x887 float 16-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-24.tif            983x887 float 24-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-32.tif            983x887 float 32-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-64.tif            983x887 float 64-bit separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif             983x887 float 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-24.tif             983x887 float 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-32.tif             983x887 float 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fm-64.tif             983x887 float 64-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif             983x887 float 16-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-24.tif             983x887 float 24-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-32.tif             983x887 float 32-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fm-64.tif             983x887 float 64-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif      983x887 float 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif      983x887 float 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-08.tif      983x887 float 8-bit strip separated CMYK tiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fm-16.tif      983x887 float 16-bit strip separated CMYK tiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fm-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fm-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fm-06.tif         983x887 int 6-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fm-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fm-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fm-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fm-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fm-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fm-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fm-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fm-06.tif          983x887 int 6-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fm-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fm-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fm-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fm-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fm-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fm-02.tif            983x887 int 4-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fm-03.tif            983x887 int 8-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fm-04.tif            983x887 int 16-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif            983x887 int 256-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fm-12.tif            983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif            983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fm-02.tif             983x887 int 4-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fm-03.tif             983x887 int 8-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fm-04.tif             983x887 int 16-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif             983x887 int 256-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fm-12.tif             983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif             983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif   983x887 int 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif   983x887 int 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif   983x887 int 8-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif   983x887 int 16-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif         983x887 float 16-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-24.tif         983x887 float 24-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-32.tif         983x887 float 32-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-64.tif         983x887 float 64-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif         983x887 float 16-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-24.tif         983x887 float 24-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-32.tif         983x887 float 32-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-64.tif         983x887 float 64-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif          983x887 float 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-24.tif          983x887 float 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-32.tif          983x887 float 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fm-64.tif          983x887 float 64-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif          983x887 float 16-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-24.tif          983x887 float 24-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-32.tif          983x887 float 32-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fm-64.tif          983x887 float 64-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif   983x887 float 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif   983x887 float 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-08.tif   983x887 float 8-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fm-16.tif   983x887 float 16-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff lsb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fm-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit minisblack strip tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fm-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit minisblack strip tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fm-06.tif            983x887 int 6-bit minisblack strip tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fm-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit minisblack strip tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fm-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit minisblack strip tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fm-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit minisblack strip tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fm-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit minisblack strip tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fm-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit minisblack strip tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fm-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit minisblack strip tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fm-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit minisblack strip tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fm-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fm-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fm-06.tif             983x887 int 6-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fm-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fm-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fm-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fm-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fm-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fm-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fm-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb msb2lsb gray image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fm-02.tif               983x887 int 4-entry colormapped strip tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fm-03.tif               983x887 int 8-entry colormapped strip tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fm-04.tif               983x887 int 16-entry colormapped strip tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fm-08.tif               983x887 int 256-entry colormapped strip tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fm-12.tif               983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped strip tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fm-16.tif               983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped strip tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fm-02.tif                983x887 int 4-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fm-03.tif                983x887 int 8-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fm-04.tif                983x887 int 16-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fm-08.tif                983x887 int 256-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fm-12.tif                983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fm-16.tif                983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-08.tif      983x887 int 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-16.tif      983x887 int 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-08.tif      983x887 int 8-bit strip separated CMYK tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-16.tif      983x887 int 16-bit strip separated CMYK tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-16.tif            983x887 float 16-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-24.tif            983x887 float 24-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-32.tif            983x887 float 32-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-64.tif            983x887 float 64-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-16.tif            983x887 float 16-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-24.tif            983x887 float 24-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-32.tif            983x887 float 32-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-64.tif            983x887 float 64-bit separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-16.tif             983x887 float 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-24.tif             983x887 float 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-32.tif             983x887 float 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fm-64.tif             983x887 float 64-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-16.tif             983x887 float 16-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-24.tif             983x887 float 24-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-32.tif             983x887 float 32-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fm-64.tif             983x887 float 64-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-08.tif      983x887 float 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o32-msb-fm-16.tif      983x887 float 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-08.tif      983x887 float 8-bit strip separated CMYK tiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o32-msb-fm-16.tif      983x887 float 16-bit strip separated CMYK tiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fm-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fm-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fm-06.tif         983x887 int 6-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fm-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fm-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fm-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fm-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fm-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fm-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fm-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fm-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fm-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fm-06.tif          983x887 int 6-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fm-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fm-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fm-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fm-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fm-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fm-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fm-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fm-02.tif            983x887 int 4-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fm-03.tif            983x887 int 8-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fm-04.tif            983x887 int 16-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fm-08.tif            983x887 int 256-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fm-12.tif            983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fm-16.tif            983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fm-02.tif             983x887 int 4-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fm-03.tif             983x887 int 8-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fm-04.tif             983x887 int 16-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fm-08.tif             983x887 int 256-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fm-12.tif             983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fm-16.tif             983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-08.tif   983x887 int 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-16.tif   983x887 int 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-08.tif   983x887 int 8-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-16.tif   983x887 int 16-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-16.tif         983x887 float 16-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-24.tif         983x887 float 24-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-32.tif         983x887 float 32-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-64.tif         983x887 float 64-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-16.tif         983x887 float 16-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-24.tif         983x887 float 24-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-32.tif         983x887 float 32-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-64.tif         983x887 float 64-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-16.tif          983x887 float 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-24.tif          983x887 float 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-32.tif          983x887 float 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fm-64.tif          983x887 float 64-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-16.tif          983x887 float 16-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-24.tif          983x887 float 24-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-32.tif          983x887 float 32-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fm-64.tif          983x887 float 64-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-08.tif   983x887 float 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o64-msb-fm-16.tif   983x887 float 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-08.tif   983x887 float 8-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o64-msb-fm-16.tif   983x887 float 16-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff msb msb2lsb image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fl-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fl-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fl-06.tif            983x887 int 6-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fl-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fl-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fl-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fl-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-lsb-fl-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit minisblack strip tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fl-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fl-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fl-06.tif             983x887 int 6-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fl-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fl-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fl-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fl-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-lsb-fl-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit minisblack tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fl-02.tif               983x887 int 4-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fl-03.tif               983x887 int 8-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fl-04.tif               983x887 int 16-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif               983x887 int 256-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fl-12.tif               983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif               983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped strip tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fl-02.tif                983x887 int 4-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fl-03.tif                983x887 int 8-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fl-04.tif                983x887 int 16-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif                983x887 int 256-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fl-12.tif                983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif                983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped tiled tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif      983x887 int 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif      983x887 int 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif      983x887 int 8-bit strip separated CMYK tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif      983x887 int 16-bit strip separated CMYK tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif            983x887 float 16-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-24.tif            983x887 float 24-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-32.tif            983x887 float 32-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-64.tif            983x887 float 64-bit contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif            983x887 float 16-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-24.tif            983x887 float 24-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-32.tif            983x887 float 32-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-64.tif            983x887 float 64-bit separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif             983x887 float 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-24.tif             983x887 float 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-32.tif             983x887 float 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-lsb-fl-64.tif             983x887 float 64-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif             983x887 float 16-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-24.tif             983x887 float 24-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-32.tif             983x887 float 32-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-lsb-fl-64.tif             983x887 float 64-bit tiled separated RGB tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif      983x887 float 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif      983x887 float 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-08.tif      983x887 float 8-bit strip separated CMYK tiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o32-lsb-fl-16.tif      983x887 float 16-bit strip separated CMYK tiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fl-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fl-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fl-06.tif         983x887 int 6-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fl-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fl-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fl-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fl-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-lsb-fl-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit minisblack strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fl-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fl-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fl-06.tif          983x887 int 6-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fl-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fl-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fl-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fl-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-lsb-fl-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fl-02.tif            983x887 int 4-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fl-03.tif            983x887 int 8-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fl-04.tif            983x887 int 16-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif            983x887 int 256-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fl-12.tif            983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif            983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped strip bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fl-02.tif             983x887 int 4-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fl-03.tif             983x887 int 8-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fl-04.tif             983x887 int 16-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif             983x887 int 256-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fl-12.tif             983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif             983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif   983x887 int 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif   983x887 int 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif   983x887 int 8-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif   983x887 int 16-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif         983x887 float 16-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-24.tif         983x887 float 24-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-32.tif         983x887 float 32-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-64.tif         983x887 float 64-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif         983x887 float 16-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-24.tif         983x887 float 24-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-32.tif         983x887 float 32-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-64.tif         983x887 float 64-bit separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif          983x887 float 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-24.tif          983x887 float 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-32.tif          983x887 float 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-lsb-fl-64.tif          983x887 float 64-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif          983x887 float 16-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-24.tif          983x887 float 24-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-32.tif          983x887 float 32-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-lsb-fl-64.tif          983x887 float 64-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif   983x887 float 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif   983x887 float 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-08.tif   983x887 float 8-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o64-lsb-fl-16.tif   983x887 float 16-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff lsb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fl-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit minisblack strip tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fl-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit minisblack strip tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fl-06.tif            983x887 int 6-bit minisblack strip tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fl-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit minisblack strip tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fl-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit minisblack strip tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fl-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit minisblack strip tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fl-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit minisblack strip tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fl-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit minisblack strip tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fl-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit minisblack strip tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o32-msb-fl-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit minisblack strip tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fl-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fl-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fl-06.tif             983x887 int 6-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fl-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fl-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fl-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fl-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fl-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fl-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o32-msb-fl-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit minisblack tiled tiff msb lsb2msb gray image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fl-02.tif               983x887 int 4-entry colormapped strip tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fl-03.tif               983x887 int 8-entry colormapped strip tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fl-04.tif               983x887 int 16-entry colormapped strip tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fl-08.tif               983x887 int 256-entry colormapped strip tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fl-12.tif               983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped strip tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-strip-o32-msb-fl-16.tif               983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped strip tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fl-02.tif                983x887 int 4-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fl-03.tif                983x887 int 8-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fl-04.tif                983x887 int 16-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fl-08.tif                983x887 int 256-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fl-12.tif                983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-palette-tile-o32-msb-fl-16.tif                983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped tiled tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-02.tif            983x887 int 2-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-04.tif            983x887 int 4-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-08.tif            983x887 int 8-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-10.tif            983x887 int 10-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-12.tif            983x887 int 12-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-14.tif            983x887 int 14-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-16.tif            983x887 int 16-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-24.tif            983x887 int 24-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-32.tif            983x887 int 32-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-02.tif             983x887 int 2-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-04.tif             983x887 int 4-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-08.tif             983x887 int 8-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-10.tif             983x887 int 10-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-12.tif             983x887 int 12-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-14.tif             983x887 int 14-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-16.tif             983x887 int 16-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-24.tif             983x887 int 24-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-32.tif             983x887 int 32-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-08.tif      983x887 int 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-16.tif      983x887 int 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-08.tif      983x887 int 8-bit strip separated CMYK tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-16.tif      983x887 int 16-bit strip separated CMYK tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-16.tif            983x887 float 16-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-24.tif            983x887 float 24-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-32.tif            983x887 float 32-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-64.tif            983x887 float 64-bit contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-16.tif            983x887 float 16-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-24.tif            983x887 float 24-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-32.tif            983x887 float 32-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-64.tif            983x887 float 64-bit separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-16.tif             983x887 float 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-24.tif             983x887 float 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-32.tif             983x887 float 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o32-msb-fl-64.tif             983x887 float 64-bit tiled contiguous RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-16.tif             983x887 float 16-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-24.tif             983x887 float 24-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-32.tif             983x887 float 32-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o32-msb-fl-64.tif             983x887 float 64-bit tiled separated RGB tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-08.tif      983x887 float 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o32-msb-fl-16.tif      983x887 float 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-08.tif      983x887 float 8-bit strip separated CMYK tiff msb lsb2msb image
tiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o32-msb-fl-16.tif      983x887 float 16-bit strip separated CMYK tiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fl-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fl-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fl-06.tif         983x887 int 6-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fl-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fl-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fl-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fl-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fl-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fl-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-strip-o64-msb-fl-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit minisblack strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fl-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fl-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fl-06.tif          983x887 int 6-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fl-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fl-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fl-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fl-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fl-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fl-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-minisblack-tile-o64-msb-fl-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit minisblack tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb gray image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fl-02.tif            983x887 int 4-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fl-03.tif            983x887 int 8-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fl-04.tif            983x887 int 16-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fl-08.tif            983x887 int 256-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fl-12.tif            983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-strip-o64-msb-fl-16.tif            983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped strip bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fl-02.tif             983x887 int 4-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fl-03.tif             983x887 int 8-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fl-04.tif             983x887 int 16-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fl-08.tif             983x887 int 256-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fl-12.tif             983x887 int 4096-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-palette-tile-o64-msb-fl-16.tif             983x887 int 65536-entry colormapped tiled bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-02.tif         983x887 int 2-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-04.tif         983x887 int 4-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-08.tif         983x887 int 8-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-10.tif         983x887 int 10-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-12.tif         983x887 int 12-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-14.tif         983x887 int 14-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-16.tif         983x887 int 16-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-24.tif         983x887 int 24-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-32.tif         983x887 int 32-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-02.tif          983x887 int 2-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-04.tif          983x887 int 4-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-08.tif          983x887 int 8-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-10.tif          983x887 int 10-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-12.tif          983x887 int 12-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-14.tif          983x887 int 14-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-16.tif          983x887 int 16-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-24.tif          983x887 int 24-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-32.tif          983x887 int 32-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-08.tif   983x887 int 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-16.tif   983x887 int 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-08.tif   983x887 int 8-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-u-separated-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-16.tif   983x887 int 16-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-16.tif         983x887 float 16-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-24.tif         983x887 float 24-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-32.tif         983x887 float 32-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-64.tif         983x887 float 64-bit contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-16.tif         983x887 float 16-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-24.tif         983x887 float 24-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-32.tif         983x887 float 32-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-64.tif         983x887 float 64-bit separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-16.tif          983x887 float 16-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-24.tif          983x887 float 24-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-32.tif          983x887 float 32-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-contig-o64-msb-fl-64.tif          983x887 float 64-bit tiled contiguous RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-16.tif          983x887 float 16-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-24.tif          983x887 float 24-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-32.tif          983x887 float 32-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-rgb-tile-planar-o64-msb-fl-64.tif          983x887 float 64-bit tiled separated RGB bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-08.tif   983x887 float 8-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-contig-o64-msb-fl-16.tif   983x887 float 16-bit strip contiguous CMYK image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-08.tif   983x887 float 8-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
bigtiff:img-f-separated-strip-planar-o64-msb-fl-16.tif   983x887 float 16-bit strip separated CMYK bigtiff msb lsb2msb image
